# OBISPO-
Task 1:-  Online Reservation System
This Online Reservation System will be easy to use and can be used by any person. The basic idea behind this project is to save data in a central database which can be
accessed by any authorize person to get information and saves time and burden which are being faced by their customers.

Task2 :- NUMBER GUESSING GAME
The fun and easy project “Guess the Number” is a short Java project that allows the user to guess the number generated by the computer & involves the following steps:
The system generates a random number from a given range, say 1 to 100.The user is prompted to enter their given number in a displayed dialogue box.
The computer then tells if the entered number matches the guesses number or it is higher/lower than the generated number.
The game continues under the user guessing the number.

Task3:- ATM INTERFACE
We have all come across ATMs in our cities and it is built on Java. This complex project consists of
five different classes and is a console-based application. When the system starts the user is
prompted with user id and user pin. On entering the details successfully, then ATM functionalities
are unlocked.

Task5:- Digital Library Management
The main objective of this project is to provide a complete automated Library by digitizing its each and every functionality.
Starting from the book-keeping, issuing of books, fine generation, advance booking and report generation all will be accomplished under one single
project. The project will be a web based project with a database server responsible for maintaining every single detail of the Library.
It has a very user friendly interface which can easily be operated by any non-technical person.


